added the wiz template (#118)
buildkite/templates: wiz/README.md

---

> title: Wiz Buildkite Plugin Template

Reviewer: I'd suggest removing the "plugin" part of the title and lean more into the specific use-case. The plugin part is more of an implementation detail that can be expanded on in the readme.

e.g. 
```suggestion
title: Scan for vulnerabilities using Wiz
```

Author: done

> description: Utilize the Wiz Buildkite Plugin for scanning in your Buildkite pipelines.

Reviewer: How about stealing the description from the plugin?

```suggestion
description: Scan your infrastructure-as-code CloudFormation stacks or Docker images for security vulnerabilities using Wiz.
```

Author: done

author: Buildkite
use_cases: ["Security", "CI"]
tools: ["Wiz"]
primary_emojis: [":wiz:", ":buildkite:"]
platforms: []
languages: []
---

> # Wiz Buildkite Plugin Template

Reviewer: Also update this title.

Author: done

> This template provides a continuous integration (CI) pipeline that leverages the wiz-buildkite-plugin to perform security scans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This template provides a continuous integration (CI) pipeline that scans a project for security vulnerabilities using [Wiz](https://www.wiz.io/).
```

Author: done

## How it works

This template:

> 1. Configures the Wiz plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configures and runs Wiz using a [Buildkite plugin](https://github.com/buildkite-plugins/wiz-buildkite-plugin)
2. Requires a Wiz account
```

Author: done

2. Executes the specified type of scan.

## Usage

> To use this plugin, add it to your pipeline.yml:

Reviewer: This part isn't necessary since the template _is_ the pipeline.

Author: done

  
- iac-type (optional, string): Specifies the type of Infrastructure as Code (IaC) to scan. Possible values are Ansible, AzureResourceManager, Cloudformation, Dockerfile, GoogleCloudDeploymentManager, Kubernetes, Terraform. Used when scan-type is iac.
  
- image-address (optional, string): The path to the image file, used when scan-type is docker.

- output-format (optional, string): Specifies the output format for the scan results. Possible values are human, json, or sarif. Defaults to human.

- parameter-files (optional, string): A comma-separated list of globs of external parameter files to include while scanning, e.g., variables.tf. Used when scan-type is iac.

- path (optional, string): The file or directory to scan. Defaults to the root directory of the repository. Used when scan-type is dir or iac.

- show-secret-snippets (optional, bool): Enables snippets in secrets. Defaults to false.

For more advanced configurations, you can specify additional options as needed. For example:

steps:
  - label: "Scan Terraform File"
    command: <your-command>
    env:

>     - WIZ_API_ID: "<your-id-goes-here>"

Reviewer: Following the other comment, this should match up.

Author: done
